---
title: Meet exe.dev, modern VMs
description: Persistent, private, fast-starting VMs with automatic auth.
author: David Crawshaw
date: 2025-12-12
tags:
  - announcement
published: true
---

Today we are going public with the developer preview of
[exe.dev](https://exe.dev), a new VM hosting service.
We will keep the service open for new users as long as our capacity lasts.

As we built sketch.dev, we found ourselves needing more machines than ever before.
Whether using an LLM as a typing assistent or a sophisticated debugger, we found
we had a lot more little software we wanted to run. Running it turned out to be
the hassle. So we built a platform for making it easy.

Notable features of exe.dev:

1. **All the VMs that fit**: your subscription gets you so much CPU and RAM. How your VMs share your resources is up to you. Want 20 idle VMs that answer an HTTP request every other day? Go for it.
1. **Real VMs, sub-second start** you get a full Ubuntu machine (or any other container image you decide to bring). Install Docker Compose if you like.
1. **Persistent disks** disks are NVMe-backed with streaming backups.
1. **SSH-based API** get started by typing `ssh exe.dev` and creating a VM.
1. **Private by default, share with discord-style links** exe.dev takes care of TLS and auth for you. By default only you can reach your HTTP services, and you have easy mechanims to share them with friends and colleagues.
1. **Agent-friendly sandbox** start a VM, ssh in, and use any agent you like. Treat the VM as a sandbox for maximum agent effectiveness.

.

Over the next few weeks we are going to be writing about all of the technology behind this. Each element is a significant project, but we waited until we had the whole package ready to try because we believe together they are more than the sum of their parts. Persistent, private, fast-starting VMs with no marginal cost per-VM is what cloud computing should like, and it only becomes clear when you put all the pieces together.
