---
title: "Series A for exe.dev"
description: exe.dev has raised a Series A to build a development-focused cloud
author: David Crawshaw
date: 2026-04-22
---

We have raised a Series A, for a total of $35m in funding.
We are using it to build a new generation of cloud infrastructure.
Major investors are Amplify, CRV, and HeavyBit.

Call it a cloud for developers.

Why do we need new infrastructure primitives and a new cloud now?
Agents. Lower barriers to entry mean there are going to be more
developers, and each of us is going to write more programs.
Software needs a home; exe.dev is a good home for software.

Many companies are approaching the question of next generation
infrastructure as “What do agents need?” We believe this is the
wrong question.
Agents are trained on how developers work.
They want exactly what we want.
Full computers, understandable and stable building blocks, familiar
systems wherever possible.
You can see that in our approach.
The moment you start with exe.dev, you use SSH. You know it.

We are building a cloud that makes sense for the current and future
state of software development.
One that includes the features needed for fast, secure development out
of the box.
A cloud developers actually enjoy using.
We want to revitalize the spirit of projects like early Heroku
(though our technology is very different) and ship features that bring
you joy.
That is why our servers have HTTPS by default, and are private by
default, and are easy to share with a link.
It is why our pricing for individual developers is simple: pay a flat
rate, run as many computers as you need with the CPU and memory
purchased.
And it is why we have a simple web-based agent in the default Ubuntu
image with credits included in the default plan.
Sometimes you just need an agent.

We have a lot of work to do! There is a lot to build.
To get these primitives right we are not building on top of existing
clouds; we are working with our own machines in data centers.
We have written our own global load balancer. We do our own DNS.
We have to strip away all the layers and go back to the actual
computers to ship a cloud developers actually like. Traditional Cloud
1.0 companies sell you a VM with a default of 3000 IOPS, while your
laptop has 500k.
Getting the defaults right (and the cost of those defaults right)
requires careful thinking through the stack. Hence the Series A: we
have some computers to buy.
